hello there neighbor
some scorn you okay
cool I'm bugged I wish y'all go to the
sea and eat then let's go we've been
sitting here on these eggs are very long
time we said we'd stay here the seagulls
are still around
spies focus model
it was icy day on the Island of Sodor
the engines were working very hard they
didn't mind the cold because they had
toasting hot fire boxes to keep them
warm that evening Sir Topham Hatt came
to the sheds there's a big freeze coming
tonight he said James and Percy Oh to
deliver extra coal to the station's yes
sir they said eagerly and Sir Topham
Hatt drove away
you better hurry teased Thomas or scary
Jack Frost might get you who's Jack
Frost Percy whistled nervously don't be
so silly sniff James Jack Frost is not
scary yes he is teased Thomas he's all
white with a big spiky face rubbish said
James James knew Jack Frost wasn't scary
important Percy wasn't so sure
Percy shivered Jack Frost is not scary
Jack Frost is not scary Jack Frost is
not scary meanwhile James puffed along
his route silly Percy he thought all
steamed up of her Jack Frost Percy made
his last delivery the stationmaster was
very pleased to see him Oh Percy he
cried
we need twice as much cold to last
through this freeze don't worry Percy
said this is my last stop you can have
mine so Percy's driver parked him in a
siding with only a lantern for company
do you think scary Jack Frost will find
me said Percy Jack Frost not scary
chuckled his driver and don't worry
Elizabeth we'll bring you some more coal
in the morning and then his driver and
fireman went home to bed
late at night the icy wind howled it
started to snow
soon Percy's face was so cold an icicle
hung from his nose
Oh boo boo boo bother Percy stuttered
but it didn't sound like Percy it was so
cold he could hardly make a sound last
James was on his way back to the sheds
in the fog he saw shadows and strange
and scary shapes scary Jack Frost
he was burgers la hello - do - James
muttered percy isolate scary Jack Frost
cried James and he raced away as fast as
his wheels could carry he didn't stop
back to the sheds the next morning
Elizabeth brought plenty of coal
oh my dear Elizabeth Chapter Percy it
looks like Jack Frost really got you